What nonsense are you talking about?
This longevity lock was originally mine
You pretend to be the president's wife
Forget about the down payment.
Why do you even want to take away my longevity lock?
It turned out that he was at the dinner party of Nangong Group
A third party posing as the president's wife
It's so unbelievable
I really didn't expect to see such a thing shamelessly
This longevity lock was handed down to me by my mother
Been with me for more than 20 years
How did it become yours?
You interfered in my relationship with Brother Ye
Brother Ye made an exception to make you the CEO
You are not satisfied
Smaller than someone else's husband
And steal someone else's identity
Nangong Ye also made you his CEO
It seems that Nangong Group is really in a downward trend
He is also the CEO of Nangong Group
It can't be exchanged for the body, can it?
I can attest to this
Before in the company
South Industries is for this woman
Hit his wife
What nonsense are you talking about?
This guy has a bad record
vulgar behavior
He has a million plans.
Miss An attended the return banquet later
old man
Please don't fall for him.
What evidence do you have to prove that this place is yours?
What's mine is mine.
What am I proving?
But you look like a dog
Wouldn't it be Song Nian Yi's imprisoned soldier?
I'm not afraid of getting sick.
Hmph, but I blocked it
It would be great if my sister was like this
Of course you have no evidence
After being damaged by long life
I sent him to fix it.
But Ober is hard to come by
This gem is no longer available in China.
That's why it's waiting to be repaired in the jewelry store.
I didn't expect it to be stolen by you.
I keep the broken Ouguo at my house.
Do you dare to confront me?